src: add an option to make compile cache path relative (#58797)
nodejs/node: doc/api/module.md

to `path.join(os.tmpdir(), 'node-compile-cache')` otherwise. To locate the compile cache
directory used by a running Node.js instance, use [`module.getCompileCacheDir()`][].

When portable mode is enabled, cache keys use paths relative to the compile cache directory.
This allows the cache to be reused after moving the project across directories etc.

It can be enabled via:

```js
module.enableCompileCache({ path: '...', portable: true });

> ```

Reviewer: It's likely worth expanding the example here a bit more to illustrate the difference between `false` and `true`. As it is, someone who isn't that familiar with how this is implemented likely wouldn't be able to determine exactly when to use this.

Reviewer: Yes, much better :-)

to `path.join(os.tmpdir(), 'node-compile-cache')` otherwise. To locate the compile cache
directory used by a running Node.js instance, use [`module.getCompileCacheDir()`][].

By default, cache keys are computed using the absolute paths of modules.
This means the cache is not reusable if the project directory is moved or
copied elsewhere.
To make the cache portable, relative path computation can be enabled for
compile cache. This allows previously compiled modules to be reused across
different directory locations as long as the relative layout remains the same.

There are two ways to enable the portable mode:

> Using the portable option in module.enableCompileCache():
> 
> ```js
> // Absolute paths (default): cache breaks if project is moved
> module.enableCompileCache({ path: '.cache' });
> 
> // Relative paths (portable): cache works after moving project
> module.enableCompileCache({ path: '.cache', portable: true });
> ```

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Using the portable option in `module.enableCompileCache()`:
  
  ```js
  // Absolute paths (default): cache breaks if project is moved
  module.enableCompileCache({ path: '.cache' });
  
  // Relative paths (portable): cache works after moving project
  module.enableCompileCache({ path: '.cache', portable: true });
  ```
2. Or by setting the environment variable: [`NODE_COMPILE_CACHE_PORTABLE=1`][]
```

(It doesn't seem to render correctly on GitHub, I am just trying to suggest to move the block into the list.
